Privacy Policy for EnDe Quiz

Effective Date: 21.01.2024

This Privacy Policy is for the EnDe Quiz mobile application (“App”) created and managed by Goran [Your Last Name], herein referred to as "I", "me", or "my."

Your privacy is very important. This document is to inform you about the information that may be collected through the App and how it is used.

Information Collection and Use

I do not collect any personal information from users of EnDe Quiz. However, the App does utilize AdMob by Google for advertising purposes. As a third-party service, AdMob may collect information used to serve ads to you.

AdMob (Google Inc.)

AdMob by Google may collect data necessary for serving ads on the App such as:

Device ID
Device Type
Operating System
Geographical Data
Interaction with ads
This information is used for advertising purposes and is governed by Google's Privacy Policy. You can opt-out of targeted advertising through Google's Ad Settings.

Log Data

In the event of an error in the App, data and information on your phone called Log Data may be collected. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the App when utilizing EnDe Quiz, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Children's Privacy

I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do the necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Information

For any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at via email.
